Jiangzhou will be left to you, it was originally a drama. Don't worry, what are you doing?
Let's all stay safe, good young master
We should also visit the company
Then let’s ask if you want to tell me
It really deserves to be the original Gao City headquarters.
Sure enough, the military will be able to ridicule
Ten Thousand Total Invitations
This place is now called Huaxing International
Everyone here is famous
hello invitation
I'm the Designer Wang's Meeting
I am the representative
Please cooperate with Da Shen Tang La body
I hope your reform opportunities will still be there for me and me
invite invite invite
What is going on, Master?
This is not the first wave
You have a lot of influence in Xiangzhou now
Everyone wants to cooperate with you, then?
Are there any suitable people among these people?
There was at that time
But I’m not a young man
I'll take you to the office to see the young master first.
I have already seen this company
Although it is a new and large enterprise
But both the image and the image are good
We can consider deepening our contact with each other
Relatives Technology